# Meeting 1
> First meeting, for general planing and setting everything up.

## Opening
> We check if everyone is present.

## Approval of the agenda
> We make sure everything that needs to be discussed is in the agenda or add it if something is missing.

## Points of action
 - Create a planning and convert it to GitLab issues
 - Discuss a cake rule: If you are late or not there at all, you have to bring cake (or something similar)
 - Create a readme with your names, a picture and your personal development plan
 - It is your job that you and your team contribute (equally)
    - If there is a problem it is your responsibility to notify the TA
 - Things to research:
    - Scrum (See Brightspace) 
        - Why should you use it?
        - What is a scrum master?
        - How are you going to use scrum in the team?
        - How will you document the sprints? (tip: templates)
        - Schedule for taking notes and chairing
    - Git (See Brightspace)
        - How does it work?
        - What is branching?
    - Maven (See Brightspace)
        - What does it do?
        - How do you add a library to the pom file?
        - Have you set the team id?
    - Code structure
        - How will you use packages?
    - Database options
        - Json
            - Gson
            - Jackson
        - SQL
        - Plain text
    - GUI
        - JavaFX
    - IDE
        - Eclipse
        - IntelliJ


## Any other business
> New ideas were developed for the app.

## Question round
> No questions asked.

## Closing
> Now we start working on the project!